# Bachelorthesis
This is my bachelor thesis as well as the  bachelor thesis template of Huazhong University of Science and Technology，for sharing the academic in quantum simulation of ultracold atom and way of writing Hust thesis in TeX.It contains the whole TeX template files which can run in Texlive 2018 or higher version environment straightforward, and also figures as well as the bib file which I used in thesis.Here is only my thesis PDF version presented. 
## Abstract
Quantum simulation based on ultracold atom optical lattice platform is a hot spot in recent physics research, which has been widely involved in various research directions such as atomic, molecular, and optical physics, condensed matter physics, high-energy physics. It is particularly prominent in high-energy physics. It is expected to solve the problem of many-body stability such as quark confinement in quantum chromodynamics, to explain the physical image of lattice regularization in quantum field theory, and has the advantages of high flexibility and low cost.

This paper mainly discusses the necessity, legitimacy and feasibility of vacuum birefringence quantum simulation. The work done in this paper is a key step in simulating vacuum birefringence. In the introduction, we introduce the development of high-energy physics, including the research tendency of lattice field theory, in order to urgently solve the problems of the strong interaction in quantum chromodynamics and the renormalization divergence. We review the recent development of quantum simulation in various fields. In high energy physics, there was no vacuum birefringence simulation theory with photon self-energy correction.

In the ultracold atom section, we introduce two-level systems, decorated states, Raman processes, spontaneous emission, electromagnetic field quantization, Doppler cooling, and optical lattice systems. We have deeply studied the truncation method of Hilbert space. For the first time, taking the double-well optical lattice as an example, we analyze its rich quasi-particle excitation, which lays the foundation for simulating the dynamics of electron and positron.

In the process of high-energy quantum electrodynamics, in the part of electron and positron, we propose a standard for identifying electron and positron states in the coordinate space. We consider the non-relativity approximation of the electron Hamiltonian under static electromagnetic field, which agrees with the physical phenomena observed in experiments. Based on this identification criterion, we discuss the physical dynamics of electron and positron in the time-dependent electromagnetic field. Finally, the Dirac spinor field equation is extended to the discovery on topological materials. 

In the part of vacuum birefringence, this paper draws on previous work on vacuum birefringence expressed by quantum field theory and makes some new physical interpretations from the perspective of Hamiltonian to determine the important role of magnetic field on vacuum birefringence. In this paper, a two-dimensional Landau light refraction model is proposed, which simplifies the degrees of freedom of light and positrons and electrons. The two physical environments are used to simulate the two polarizations of photons. We introduce the Peierls substitution to derive the vacuum birefringence latticed Hamiltonian, in order to facilitate the simulation on optical lattice.

Finally, in the quantum simulation part, we introduce the experimental preparation of the Abel U(1) gauge field. There are three main methods, rotation artificial gauge potential, Raman artificial gauge potential and quantum link model. Then we construct a double-well optical lattice, analyze the basis vector after truncation in Hilbert space, list the Hamiltonian satisfied by the vacuum state, photon state, and positron and electron states, and also briefly introduce the result of calculation simulation. At the end of this article, a vacuum birefringence simulation scheme is proposed, and we give some in-depth discussion on the simulation.
## Key words
Quantum simulation; Vacuum birefringence; Electron and positron pairs; Photon self-energy; Lattice field theory
